thank you for risking the coronavirus to
be here you care more let's do our new
handshake so this is our new handshake
and it goes like this we nod and then we
go bah bah or just one if you want we
call it the patella hello or the patella
for short and this is how we're fighting
the coronavirus and you should too let's
get this going let's make this let's
have this go across America from need of
shining knee or if that's you I have
another one that we've been working on -
it goes like this it's called the hello
bow so it's you know what Thank You
Guillermo all everybody else is sitting
around paying $80 for a 45 cent mask
we're coming up ways to stop this thing
so I had an interesting revelation this
weekend I was hanging out the kids my
kids this weekend and not just random
kids at the park my son Billy is - oh my
daughter is five and nine I don't know
what exactly prompted this but while we
were playing it occurred to me that Jane
my daughter Jane is a lot like Donald
Trump I mean they have she's totally
self-centered
she's the world as she sees it revolves
around her she wants everything you take
her to Target forget about it she gives
nothing to charity and even when she
does give something to someone else you
have to make a big joke complimenting
her oh you gave your brother one skittle
from the pack what a great sister you
are
she has tantrums regularly which she
doesn't get her way she yells she even
told me I was fired once
she doesn't know the names of any
foreign leaders all she wants to do all
days watch TV you tell her not to do
things she does them anyway
she lies and thinks you don't know she's
lying she claims she's got a lot of
money or a piggy bank really not that
much like eleven dollars her spelling is
atrocious she always orders chicken
fingers no matter where we are she puts
ketchup on everything and she has tiny
hands she's got tiny bit hands just like
the president we took out the cute part
they're almost the same person the
president has his tiny little hands full
this weekend he took some time at CPAC
the Conservative Political Action
Conference to once again sexually molest
the American flag
[Applause]
[Music]
so today he was
Betsy Ross just filed charges against
him it's who does that how is that human
behavior in any way Trump closed out
Black History Month in a big way he's
been trying to drum up support from
African Americans lately and to do that
he invited black leaders to the White
House to tell him how great he is I'm
sitting next to the greatest president
the greatest president yeah the greatest
president for the african-american
community black community brown
mocha you truly are the best president
since a grand thank you man you the
prefer the back but I guess orange
really is the new black
since he was on a roll the next day he
had he had a rally in North Charleston
South Carolina during which he shared an
important lesson he learned during that
meeting and finally settled the debate
he's been having with himself for what I
assume is quite some time young African
American leaders one of the things I
asked him and I've been thinking about
this for a long time and great people
great people some of them are here
tonight do you like the name African
American or black and they said black
all at the same time I'm glad somebody's
been working on clearing that up because
any tweeted like 42 times today he is
the big winner South Carolina on
Saturday was Joe Biden who ran away with
the primary there he beat Bernie Sanders
by almost 20 points and this is
interesting this is the first
presidential primary Joe Biden has won
in more than 30 years over three
different campaigns was the first time
he won I don't know if he should be
proud of that or very depressed but
president Trump congratulated Biden he
tweeted Vice President Biden led a
formidable campaign and should he
prevail on Super Tuesday I look forward
to challenging him in the John oh wait
he didn't write that he wrote sleepy Joe
Biden's victory in the primary should be
the end of mini Mike Bloomberg's joke of
a campaign after the worst debate
performance in the history of
presidential base many Mike as now now
as Biden split up his very few voters
taking many way I guess I got that one
he wrote confused at the one we wrote
but Joe Biden celebrated with a victory
lap on the Sunday morning news shows and
as you can see he's a little rusty when
it comes to celebrating thank you thanks
for your time please come back and less
than 13 years sir all right Jack thank
you very much all right it's Chris but
anyway
Chris no no I just did Chuck I tell you
what man and these are back-to-back yeah
right there so back-to-back is it
possible he thought he was talking to
Chuck Norris I don't know but then today
in Houston Biden had another senior
moment involving the Declaration of
Independence fight for the proposition
that we hold these truths to be
self-evident sounds corny not a joke
think about it we hold these truths to
be self-evident all men women created by
gold you know this you know the thing
[Music]
you know the thing and believe it or not
Joe Biden is now officially the youngest
man running for the Democratic
nomination for real so Tom Steyer Amy
Klobuchar dropped out Tom Styer and
Mayor Pete all dropped out so I guess we
learned how to pronounce boo digits for
nothing P Budaj was an important
candidate age the first openly gay
frontrunner for a major party it was
also the first candidate to dress like
he worked at Office Max every single day
mayor Pete is expected to go back to his
job working as mannequin at Gap Kids and
one of the the two billionaires in this
race Tom Steyer the poor one
Tom Steyer dropped out to spend more
time explaining who he is to his family
and while Tom may be out he is not down
he did his best to put a positive spin
on all this when the Lord closes a door
he opens a window I will find that
window and crawl through it with you I
promise you that
well we don't know with her you don't
want to crawl through a window
is he planning to start breaking into
people's houses what's going on Tom
Styer during would turn out to be his
final rally in South Carolina he got out
stage with juvenile the rapper and yes
this happened
[Applause]
you know what they say dance like nobody
is voting for you and Tom Steyer did
their so that's how the only hip-hop
oriented dispute going on in politics
Public Enemy yesterday announced they
are moving forward without Flavor Flav
because of a dispute involving Bernie
Sanders Flavor Flav of course it or now
was Public Enemies hype man he was upset
because his fellow enemy his friend
Chuck deed performed yesterday at a
Bernie Sanders rally using the name
Public Enemy so he sent a cease and
desist letter this is real this is the
season desist letter Flavor Flav's sent
with his lawyer at the bottom of the he
wrote hey Bernie don't do this
Flavor Flav Public Enemy and he drew a
clock and you'd think he would be better
at drawing clocks by now then but in
response his band put out the statement
saying about flavor we thank him for his
years of service and wish him well
I like how formula that's is if he was
removed from the board of Hewlett
Packard or something and but Public
Enemy has already found a replacement
for Flavor Flav and this this guy comes
comes with a snooze button which is nice
I just hope this doesn't result in
Flavor Flav going out off and acting all
crazy you know maybe Trump will appoint
him to the coronavirus response team you
know the coronavirus this thing
everybody's talking about this it's the
center of every single conversation for
me the scariest part I think is the
large percentage of Americans who seem
to be just learning you're supposed to
wash your hands on a regular basis but
but don't worry no one's ever worried
because the president has this under
control
totally we haven't seen it increased and
people are getting better almost
everybody that we see is getting better
and it could be everybody too
right it could be everybody by the way
since he made that statement there are
now a hundred cases of Corona in the US
six people have died the first victim
was in Washington State and in a press
conference on Saturday Trump said the
victim was a medically high-risk patient
in her late 50s and added that she was a
wonderful woman of course we found out
later the wonderful woman was a man that
wrong but still wonderful I'm sure you
know if you liked that video then put a
ring on it click the subscribe button
below
Oh